DOC-1602: Added documentation for the new model files/options (#2304)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/partials/module-loading/bundling-rollup-es6-npm_editor.adoc

/* Import TinyMCE */
import tinymce from 'tinymce';

/* Default icons are required. After that, import custom icons if applicable */
import 'tinymce/icons/default';

/* Required TinyMCE components */
import 'tinymce/themes/silver';
import 'tinymce/models/dom';

> /* Import a skin (can be your own instead of the default) */

Reviewer: Should we try and avoid saying 'your own...' in the comment here and in the other similar files as well?
Possible alternative?
```suggestion
/* Import a skin (can be a custom skin instead of the default) */
```

Author: ah yeah we are avoiding that language aren't we. I'll do a pass over it.
